# packages in environment at C:\Users\DELL\anaconda3\envs\streamlit_env:
#
# Name                    Version                   Build  Channel
_openmp_mutex             4.5                       2_gnu    conda-forge
altair                    5.5.0              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
attrs                     25.4.0             pyh71513ae_0    conda-forge
aws-c-auth                0.9.1                h5a8d611_4    conda-forge
aws-c-cal                 0.9.5                ha82e055_1    conda-forge
aws-c-common              0.12.5               hfd05255_0    conda-forge
aws-c-compression         0.3.1                h83e01e5_7    conda-forge
aws-c-event-stream        0.5.6                hd31a2bc_4    conda-forge
aws-c-http                0.10.6               h8afdd0f_1    conda-forge
aws-c-io                  0.23.2               h55c3168_1    conda-forge
aws-c-mqtt                0.13.3               h7b93d92_7    conda-forge
aws-c-s3                  0.8.6                hf640d41_6    conda-forge
aws-c-sdkutils            0.2.4                h83e01e5_2    conda-forge
aws-checksums             0.2.7                h83e01e5_3    conda-forge
aws-crt-cpp               0.35.0               h73e0584_1    conda-forge
aws-sdk-cpp               1.11.606             h2b076a5_5    conda-forge
blinker                   1.9.0              pyhff2d567_0    conda-forge
brotli                    1.2.0                h17ff524_0    conda-forge
brotli-bin                1.2.0                h6910e44_0    conda-forge
brotli-python             1.2.0           py314ha608bb1_0    conda-forge
bzip2                     1.0.8                h0ad9c76_8    conda-forge
c-ares                    1.34.5               h2466b09_0    conda-forge
ca-certificates           2025.10.5            h4c7d964_0    conda-forge
cachetools                6.2.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
cairo                     1.18.4               h5782bbf_0    conda-forge
certifi                   2025.10.5          pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
cffi                      2.0.0           py314h5a2d7ad_1    conda-forge
charset-normalizer        3.4.4              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
click                     8.3.0              pyh7428d3b_0    conda-forge
colorama                  0.4.6              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
contourpy                 1.3.3           py314h909e829_2    conda-forge
cycler                    0.12.1             pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
double-conversion         3.3.1                he0c23c2_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-dejavu-sans-mono 2.37                 hab24e00_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-inconsolata      3.000                h77eed37_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-source-code-pro  2.038                h77eed37_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-ubuntu           0.83                 h77eed37_3    conda-forge
fontconfig                2.15.0               h765892d_1    conda-forge
fonts-conda-ecosystem     1                             0    conda-forge
fonts-conda-forge         1                             0    conda-forge
fonttools                 4.60.1             pyh7db6752_0    conda-forge
freetype                  2.14.1               h57928b3_0    conda-forge
gitdb                     4.0.12             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
gitpython                 3.1.45             pyhff2d567_0    conda-forge
graphite2                 1.3.14               hac47afa_2    conda-forge
h2                        4.3.0              pyhcf101f3_0    conda-forge
harfbuzz                  12.1.0               h5f2951f_0    conda-forge
hpack                     4.1.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
hyperframe                6.1.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
icu                       75.1                 he0c23c2_0    conda-forge
idna                      3.11               pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
importlib-metadata        8.7.0              pyhe01879c_1    conda-forge
jinja2                    3.1.6              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jsonschema                4.25.1             pyhe01879c_0    conda-forge
jsonschema-specifications 2025.9.1           pyhcf101f3_0    conda-forge
kiwisolver                1.4.9           py314h396c588_1    conda-forge
krb5                      1.21.3               hdf4eb48_0    conda-forge
lcms2                     2.17                 hbcf6048_0    conda-forge
lerc                      4.0.0                h6470a55_1    conda-forge
libabseil                 20250512.1      cxx17_habfad5f_0    conda-forge
libarrow                  21.0.0          hc090c32_11_cuda    conda-forge
libarrow-acero            21.0.0          h7d8d6a5_11_cuda    conda-forge
libarrow-compute          21.0.0          h2db994a_11_cuda    conda-forge
libarrow-dataset          21.0.0          h7d8d6a5_11_cuda    conda-forge
libarrow-substrait        21.0.0          hf865cc0_11_cuda    conda-forge
libblas                   3.9.0           38_hf2e6a31_mkl    conda-forge
libbrotlicommon           1.2.0                hc82b238_0    conda-forge
libbrotlidec              1.2.0                h431afc6_0    conda-forge
libbrotlienc              1.2.0                ha521d6b_0    conda-forge
libcblas                  3.9.0           38_h2a3cdd5_mkl    conda-forge
libclang13                21.1.4          default_ha2db4b5_0    conda-forge
libcrc32c                 1.1.2                h0e60522_0    conda-forge
libcurl                   8.16.0               h43ecb02_0    conda-forge
libdeflate                1.24                 h76ddb4d_0    conda-forge
libevent                  2.1.12               h3671451_1    conda-forge
libexpat                  2.7.1                hac47afa_0    conda-forge
libffi                    3.5.2                h52bdfb6_0    conda-forge
libfreetype               2.14.1               h57928b3_0    conda-forge
libfreetype6              2.14.1               hdbac1cb_0    conda-forge
libgcc                    15.2.0               h1383e82_7    conda-forge
libglib                   2.86.0               hd9c3897_1    conda-forge
libgomp                   15.2.0               h1383e82_7    conda-forge
libgoogle-cloud           2.39.0               h19ee442_0    conda-forge
libgoogle-cloud-storage   2.39.0               he04ea4c_0    conda-forge
libgrpc                   1.73.1               h317e13b_1    conda-forge
libhwloc                  2.12.1          default_h64bd3f2_1002    conda-forge
libiconv                  1.18                 hc1393d2_2    conda-forge
libintl                   0.22.5               h5728263_3    conda-forge
libjpeg-turbo             3.1.0                h2466b09_0    conda-forge
liblapack                 3.9.0           38_hf9ab0e9_mkl    conda-forge
liblzma                   5.8.1                h2466b09_2    conda-forge
libmpdec                  4.0.0                h2466b09_0    conda-forge
libparquet                21.0.0          h7051d1f_11_cuda    conda-forge
libpng                    1.6.50               h7351971_1    conda-forge
libprotobuf               6.31.1               hdcda5b4_2    conda-forge
libre2-11                 2025.08.12           h0eb2380_1    conda-forge
libsqlite                 3.50.4               hf5d6505_0    conda-forge
libssh2                   1.11.1               h9aa295b_0    conda-forge
libthrift                 0.22.0               h23985f6_1    conda-forge
libtiff                   4.7.1                h550210a_0    conda-forge
libutf8proc               2.11.0               h0b34c2f_0    conda-forge
libvulkan-loader          1.4.328.1            h477610d_0    conda-forge
libwebp-base              1.6.0                h4d5522a_0    conda-forge
libwinpthread             12.0.0.r4.gg4f2fc60ca     h57928b3_10    conda-forge
libxcb                    1.17.0               h0e4246c_0    conda-forge
libxml2                   2.15.1               ha29bfb0_0    conda-forge
libxml2-16                2.15.1               h06f855e_0    conda-forge
libxslt                   1.1.43               h0fbe4c1_1    conda-forge
libzlib                   1.3.1                h2466b09_2    conda-forge
llvm-openmp               21.1.4               hfa2b4ca_0    conda-forge
lz4-c                     1.10.0               h2466b09_1    conda-forge
markupsafe                3.0.3              pyh7db6752_0    conda-forge
matplotlib                3.10.7          py314h86ab7b2_0    conda-forge
matplotlib-base           3.10.7          py314hfa45d96_0    conda-forge
mkl                       2025.3.0           hac47afa_454    conda-forge
munkres                   1.1.4              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
narwhals                  2.10.0             pyhcf101f3_0    conda-forge
numpy                     2.3.4           py314h06c3c77_0    conda-forge
openjpeg                  2.5.4                h24db6dd_0    conda-forge
openssl                   3.5.4                h725018a_0    conda-forge
orc                       2.2.1                h7414dfc_0    conda-forge
packaging                 25.0               pyh29332c3_1    conda-forge
pandas                    2.3.3           py314hd8fd7ce_1    conda-forge
pcre2                     10.46                h3402e2f_0    conda-forge
pillow                    12.0.0          py314h93adc56_0    conda-forge
pip                       25.2               pyh145f28c_0    conda-forge
pixman                    0.46.4               h5112557_1    conda-forge
protobuf                  6.31.1          py314h6a447be_2    conda-forge
pthread-stubs             0.4               h0e40799_1002    conda-forge
pyarrow                   21.0.0          py314h86ab7b2_1    conda-forge
pyarrow-core              21.0.0          py314hc631f2f_1_cuda    conda-forge
pycparser                 2.22               pyh29332c3_1    conda-forge
pydeck                    0.9.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyparsing                 3.2.5              pyhcf101f3_0    conda-forge
pyside6                   6.9.3           py314h2c9462b_1    conda-forge
pysocks                   1.7.1              pyh09c184e_7    conda-forge
python                    3.14.0          h4b44e0e_102_cp314    conda-forge
python-dateutil           2.9.0.post0        pyhe01879c_2    conda-forge
python-tzdata             2025.2             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
python_abi                3.14                    8_cp314    conda-forge
pytz                      2025.2             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyyaml                    6.0.3              pyh7db6752_0    conda-forge
qhull                     2020.2               hc790b64_5    conda-forge
qt6-main                  6.9.3                ha0de62e_1    conda-forge
re2                       2025.08.12           ha104f34_1    conda-forge
referencing               0.37.0             pyhcf101f3_0    conda-forge
requests                  2.32.5             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
rpds-py                   0.28.0          py314h9f07db2_1    conda-forge
six                       1.17.0             pyhe01879c_1    conda-forge
smmap                     5.0.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
snappy                    1.2.2                h7fa0ca8_0    conda-forge
streamlit                 1.51.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
tbb                       2022.3.0             hd094cb3_0    conda-forge
tenacity                  9.1.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
tk                        8.6.13               h2c6b04d_2    conda-forge
toml                      0.10.2             pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
tornado                   6.5.2           py314h5a2d7ad_1    conda-forge
typing-extensions         4.15.0               h396c80c_0    conda-forge
typing_extensions         4.15.0             pyhcf101f3_0    conda-forge
tzdata                    2025b                h78e105d_0    conda-forge
ucrt                      10.0.26100.0         h57928b3_0    conda-forge
unicodedata2              16.0.0          py314h5a2d7ad_1    conda-forge
urllib3                   2.5.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
vc                        14.3                h2b53caa_32    conda-forge
vc14_runtime              14.44.35208         h818238b_32    conda-forge
vcomp14                   14.44.35208         h818238b_32    conda-forge
vs2015_runtime            14.44.35208         h38c0c73_32    conda-forge
watchdog                  6.0.0           py314h86ab7b2_1    conda-forge
win_inet_pton             1.1.0              pyh7428d3b_8    conda-forge
xorg-libxau               1.0.12               h0e40799_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxdmcp             1.1.5                h0e40799_0    conda-forge
yaml                      0.2.5                h6a83c73_3    conda-forge
zipp                      3.23.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
zlib-ng                   2.2.5                h1608b31_0    conda-forge
zstandard                 0.25.0          py314h4667ab5_0    conda-forge
zstd                      1.5.7                hbeecb71_2    conda-forge
